Job Description 
Company Summary 
DISH, an EchoStar Company, has been reimagining the future of connectivity for more than 40 
years. Our business reach spans satellite television service, live-streaming and on-demand 
programming, smart home installation services, mobile plans and products, and now we are 
building America’s First Smart Network™️. 
Today, our brands include EchoStar, Hughes, DISH TV, Sling TV, Boost Infinite, Boost Mobile, DISH 
Wireless, OnTech and GenMobile. 
Department Summary 
Our Technology teams challenge the status quo and reimagine capabilities across industries. 
Whether through research and development, technology innovation or solution engineering, 
our team members play a vital role in connecting consumers with the products and platforms of 
tomorrow. 
Job Duties and Responsibilities 
Senior Engineer-Cloud/AWS sought by DISH Network, L.L.C. in Plano, TX. 
Help building a high functioning cloud engineering and services (security, automation) 
organization that delivers high quality secure services. Perform solution design, architectural 
review, implement proof-of-concepts, standardize solutions, and develop operational handoff of 
solutions. Maturing the automation for building and deploying cloud infrastructure using 
Infrastructure-As-Code solutions and integrating infrastructure builds with security controls for 
proactively detecting and handling non-compliance. Design solutions for improving Cloud 
Security posture and for increased and automated enforcement of cloud security guardrails. 
Enable broader adoption of High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) solutions for 
improving the resiliency of all Dish Cloud solutions. Work collaboratively with application 
architects, application & analytics teams, and vendor partners for broader adoption of Cloud 
Infrastructure and cloud engineering. Collaborate with teams and leadership within IT and with 
business partners to advance our technical capabilities and provide data solutions that drive 
business results. Learn and keep pace with the latest advances in the field and rapidly grasp 
new technologies to lead and support the environment and project deliverables. 
Skills, Experience and Requirements 
Requires Bachelor’s degree (or foreign equivalent) in Information Technology and Computing, 
Computer Science, or a closely related field plus 4 years of experience in the job offered or 
related role. Also requires experience with/using the following (which may have been gained 
concurrently): 
● Ansible - 3 years 
● Puppet; AWS; Infrastructure As Code: Terraform; Containers (Docker, Kubernetes); 
and Linux - 2 years 
● EC2, EKS, CI/CD, Jenkins, and Gitlab – 1 year 
Salary Ranges 
Compensation: $141,336.00/Year 
Benefits 
Employment is contingent on successful completion of a pre-employment criminal background 
check, which may include a drug test. 
Rate of Pay: $141,336.00 
Benefits information available at careers.dish.com. 
Apply at careers.dish.com. Ref:2025-95812 if applying externally through careers.dish.com; 
Ref:2025-95811 if applying internally. May also apply by emailing resume with (Ref:2025-95812) 
to tasharedservices@dish.com. The posting will be active for a minimum of 3 days. The active 
posting will continue to extend by 3 days until the position is filled.