Database Engineer II
Jersey City, NJ, United States
Apply Now
Job Info
Job Identification
2502
Job Category
Information Technology
Posting Date
10/20/2025, 12:47 PM
Job Schedule
Full time
Locations
 545 Washington Blvd, Jersey City, NJ, 07310, US
STI
Yes
LTI
No
Commission
No
Work Arrangement
Hybrid
Budgeted Salary Currency
USD
Minimum Salary
90,000
Maximum Salary
110,000
Division
Underwriting Solutions
Legal Employer
ISO Services, Inc.
Disclaimer
Annualized base pay may vary depending on geographic location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience
Job Description
Job Requirements and Experience:

Expert knowledge of NoSQL data systems such as OpenSearch, Elasticsearch, Cassandra, Solr, Redis, etc. including planning, installation, upgrading, security patching, tuning, support, and troubleshooting.
Experience with Linux and shell scripting.
Experience with Python or any other programming language.
A background in development is a plus.
Experience supporting critical enterprise database applications 24x7.
Experience working in Cloud environments (especially AWS).
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Dedication to work and willingness to work hard under pressure.
Experienced at developing elegant-yet-simple systems using best practices and design patterns.
Knowledge of IaC tooling, especially CloudFormation and CDK
Responsibilities
Design, implement, support, administrator and maintain the NoSQL Databases infrastructure in AWS Cloud, such as Apache Cassandra, Apache Solr, Elasticsearch, AWS OpenSearch, DynamoDB, DocumentDB, AWS Redis, etc.
Perform all aspects of NoSQL cluster administration including planning, installation, upgrading, patching, security, data retention, tuning, support, and troubleshooting.
Assist in the architecture of systems to provide a highly scalable, highly available server structure which provides web services for customers.
Work closely with application development teams and systems administration to test, troubleshoot, and optimize new and existing database-driven applications.
Monitor Production, UAT and other NoSQL database environments and actively pursue any issues limiting the performance and scalability of these systems.
Understand ISO specific NoSQL Infrastructure architecture and needs, cost optimization goals and complete all special projects and other duties as assigned.
Must be able to perform duties independently with or without reasonable accommodation.
Must be able to perform on-call and priority support functions outside of business hours.
Must be able to provide technical thought leadership and guidance regarding ISO specific NoSQL database technologies and infrastructure to other DBAs on the team
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Information Systems, Engineering or similar discipline.
2 years of related work experience in administration of NoSQL databases and Linux.
#LI-MB1

#LI-Hybrid

About Us
For over 50 years, Verisk has been the leading data analytics and technology partner to the global insurance industry by delivering value to our clients through expertise and scale. We empower communities and businesses to make better decisions on risk, faster.

At Verisk, you'll have the chance to use your voice and build a rewarding career that's as unique as you are, with work flexibility and the support, coaching, and training you need to succeed. 

For the eighth consecutive year, Verisk is proudly recognized as a Great Place to Work® for outstanding workplace culture in the US, fourth consecutive year in the UK, Spain, and India, and second consecutive year in Poland.  We value learning, caring and results and make inclusivity and diversity a top priority.  In addition to our Great Place to Work® Certification, we’ve been recognized by The Wall Street Journal as one of the Best-Managed Companies and by Forbes as a World’s Best Employer and Best Employer for Women, testaments to the value we place on workplace culture.

We’re 7,000 people strong.  We relentlessly and ethically pursue innovation. And we are looking for people like you to help us translate big data into big ideas. Join us and create an exceptional experience for yourself and a better tomorrow for future generations.

 Verisk Businesses

Underwriting Solutions — provides underwriting and rating solutions for auto and property, general liability, and excess and surplus to assess and price risk with speed and precision

Claims Solutions — supports end-to-end claims handling with analytic and automation tools that streamline workflow, improve claims management, and support better customer experiences

Property Estimating Solutions — offers property estimation software and tools for professionals in estimating all phases of building and repair to make day-to-day workflows the most efficient

Specialty Business Solutions — provides an integrated suite of software for full end-to-end management of insurance and reinsurance business, helping companies manage their businesses through efficiency, flexibility, and data governance

Catastrophe and Risk Solutions — provides risk modeling solutions to help individuals, businesses, and society become more resilient to catastrophic events.

Marketing Solutions — delivers data and insights to improve the reach, timing,relevance, and compliance of every consumer engagement

Life Insurance Solutions – offers end-to-end, data insight-driven core capabilities for carriers, distribution, and direct customers across the entire policy lifecycle of life and annuities for both individual and group.

Verisk Maplecroft — provides intelligence on sustainability, resilience, and ESG, helping people, business, and societies become stronger

Verisk Analytics is an equal opportunity employer.

Verisk invests in a benefits package for all employees that includes the following: Health Insurance, a Retirement Plan, Disability benefits, and a Paid Time Off program. We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes base salary determined based on role, experience, skill set, and location.

All members of the Verisk Analytics family of companies are equal opportunity employers. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age or disability. Verisk’s minimum hiring age is 18 except in countries with a higher age limit subject to applicable law.

https://www.verisk.com/company/careers/

Unsolicited resumes sent to Verisk, including unsolicited resumes sent to a Verisk business mailing address, fax machine or email address, or directly to Verisk employees, will be considered Verisk property. Verisk will NOT pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume.

Verisk Employee Privacy Notice